docs(gcp-batch): Add head job sizing guidance for production pipelines (#1672)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/compute-envs/google-cloud-batch.md

    The **Instance Type** field sets a default machine type at the compute environment level. You can override this for individual processes using the `machineType` [process directive](https://docs.seqera.io/nextflow/google#process-definition) in your Nextflow configuration.
    :::
1. Use **Head job CPUs** and **Head job memory** to specify the CPUs and memory allocated for the head job.

>    :::caution
>    The default head job resource values are insufficient for production pipelines.
>    The Nextflow head job is a JVM process that tracks every submitted task, manages pipeline state, and continuously polls the GCP Batch API.
>    If the head job runs out of memory mid-run, the pipeline fails immediately — tasks already running on worker VMs continue to completion, but no new tasks are scheduled and the pipeline reports a failure.
>    Already-written output files are not cleaned up automatically, so results may be incomplete.
> 
>    Size the head job based on the number of tasks in your pipeline:
> 
>    | Pipeline scale | Tasks | Recommended CPUs | Recommended memory |
>    |---|---|---|---|
>    | Small | Up to 100 | 2 | 4 GB |
>    | Medium | 100–500 | 4 | 8 GB |
>    | Large | 500+ | 8 | 16 GB |
> 
>    Head job memory scales primarily with the number of concurrent tasks and total pipeline duration.
>    Long-running pipelines that keep thousands of task records in memory (for resumability) require more memory than short pipelines with the same peak parallelism.
>    CPU requirements are moderate — size up if you observe slow task scheduling or high GC pressure in the head job logs.
> 
>    For large pipelines, you can also increase the JVM heap directly by setting `NXF_JVM_ARGS="-Xms4g -Xmx12g"` as a **Head job** environment variable (see [Scripting and environment variables](#scripting-and-environment-variables)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The default head job resource values are insufficient for production pipelines.
   The Nextflow head job is a JVM process that tracks every submitted task, manages pipeline state, and polls the GCP Batch API.
   If the head job runs out of memory mid-run, the pipeline fails.
   Tasks already running on worker VMs run to completion, but no new tasks are scheduled.
   Output files that were already written are not cleaned up automatically. Results may be incomplete.
   
   Size the head job based on the number of tasks in your pipeline:
   
   | Pipeline scale | Tasks | Recommended CPUs | Recommended memory |
   |---|---|---|---|
   | Small | Up to 100 | 2 | 4 GB |
   | Medium | 100–500 | 4 | 8 GB |
   | Large | 500+ | 8 | 16 GB |
   
   Head job memory scales with the number of concurrent tasks and total pipeline duration.
   Long-running pipelines keep thousands of task records in memory for resumability, and need more memory than short pipelines with the same peak parallelism.
   Increase CPUs if task scheduling is slow or the head job logs show high garbage collection (GC) pressure.
   
   For large pipelines, you can also increase the JVM heap directly by setting `NXF_JVM_ARGS="-Xms4g -Xmx12g"` as a **Head job** environment variable (see [Scripting and environment variables](#scripting-and-environment-variables)).
```

   :::

   :::note

>    If you specify a **Head job instance template** (see step 8), the template's machine type overrides the **Head job CPUs** and **Head job memory** values set here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you specify a **Head job instance template** (see step 9), the template's machine type overrides the **Head job CPUs** and **Head job memory** values set here.
```
